# Proof of Coherency ™

Athletes and performers who aspire to be their best wearing a TOM Flow Sensor can validate their peak performance and reward their fans who flow with their digital counterparts on the blockchain metaverse with a personalized TOM NFT. If you want to fly a spaceship, race a car, or get in on a particular football or basketball game or tennis match, TOM takes blockchain gaming where it has never been before and changes the game of life by tokenizing, validating and rewarding the creators of true value. TOM Flow Sensors give real and virtual players and their fans a powerful way to level up their game. Now you can measure and store your true value and inspire each other with greater impact. Fans can positively influence their favorite athletes and gamers remotely and likewise athletes and gamers can uplift their fans. As the lines between finance and gaming get blurrier, TOM Flow Sensors bring greater clarity and rewards to the true value creators by aligning the digital with real performance that you can bank on. Game on! The momentum in real and virtual sports, space travel and racing just got a lot more interesting and powerful. So did everything else because our international patents tokenizing flow cover literally everything and anything that may be correlated with your flow state, which is naturally a win-win state. We are open for business to partner with anyone ready to empower themselves with a TOM Flow Sensor to create the most valuable TOM NFTs. We are all free to realize our true potential and Token of Me blackpaper, October 28, 2021 page 3 share our true value with each other in a win-win world that inspires the best in all of us with Proof of Coherency™
